today we're on my dad's boat called the
tuna dreamer but we're not dreaming of
any tuna today we're going out to the
reef and looking for the biggest fish
there if you haven't heard that's what
it is it's a California giant black sea
bass you know that unless if you're 75
years old or older these giant fish are
probably whale Derr than you are these
black sea bass are bigger than anything
else on the reef by 10 times they can
grow up to 750 pounds that's as big as
some cows
my dad spotted some of these gentle
giants and the reason why they're here
now during the summer dawn during the
winter is that during the winter they go
down to the deeper waters to forage for
food and meat but during the summer they
come shallower water
spotnik health degree what's free divers
have located their spot they can keep on
coming back to visit receive us
that was incredible
I just went diving with black sea bass
there's so much bigger than I ever
expected I mean you hear the number 750
pounds but when you actually see
something that big is really amazing
at first when I was diving with them I
was a bit nervous and cautious but as
time wore on I got a whole lot braver
I'd go down deeper and stay down longer
there was one black seatbacks who kept
on hanging around me I really liked him
he had this really cool wise face and he
was easily as big as I was
the black sea bass I saw were a dark
brown to black color they also had spots
but the funny thing was only some of
them had spots as I know from my
research they had the ability to change
their spot pattern at will
like you and your clothes I really
enjoyed diving with the giant black sea
bass unfortunately these sea bass used
to be hunted and fished slowly their
species started to decline
finally in 1982 it became illegal to
purposely kill these fish I'm so glad it
did because one day I hope I can show
these fish to my children just like my
dad showed me